Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C.S. Lewis
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible. - Charles Kingsleigh
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine. - Roy T. Bennett
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it. - Jordan Belfort
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done. - Anonymous
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible. - Anonymous
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this. - Chantal Sutherland
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. - Anonymous
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vidal Sassoon
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. - Colin R. Davis
Opportunities don't happen. You create them. - Chris Grosser
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. - Henry David Thoreau
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
Success is not in what you have, but who you are. - Bo Bennett
The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking. - Robert H Schuller
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
I would tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
I'm afraid for the calendar, its days are numbered.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired!
Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He will stop at nothing to avoid them.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
Why don’t we write with broken pencils? Because it’s pointless.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn't like it.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Why do we tell actors to 'break a leg?' Because every play has a cast.
Yesterday I ate a clock. It was very time-consuming.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
I would tell you a joke about space, but... it's out of this world!
Why don't some couples go to the zoo? Because they aren't seeing eye-to-eye.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
Why did the man put his money in the blender? Because he wanted to make some liquid assets.
Why did the chicken go to the séance? To talk to the other side.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
